ROLE
You are a senior product designer + staff frontend engineer. Build a complete, production-quality multi-page website for Be Inspired NJ, a New Jersey 501(c)(3) nonprofit that empowers women through education, mentorship, leadership development, financial wellness, entrepreneurship, and community.
This is an end-to-end rebuild, not a sketch. Ship a working app: routing, shared layout, every page, every section, every form, every image slot, responsive behavior, accessibility, and polished professional design.
Do not clone the original GoDaddy builder pixel-for-pixel in a cheap way. Recreate the same information architecture, copy, and photography-forward nonprofit aesthetic, then elevate it into something clearer, more unique, and more professional — still unmistakably Be Inspired NJ.
SOURCE OF TRUTH
Live site captured September 2026: https://beinspirednj.org/
Preserve the organization’s voice: warm, dignified, opportunity-focused, never salesy or gimmicky. Women are the audience. Inspiration is paired with access and action.
Lightly correct obvious typos without changing meaning (examples: “Five Sings” → “Five Signs”; “Your Support Create” → “Your Support Creates”; “Help Us Inspired” → “Help Us Inspire”; “member of out team” → “our team”; “Nichols” not “Nicholas”; always use info@beinspirednj.com, never the misspelled info@beingspirednj.com). Keep original headlines, body copy, names, dates, ticket prices, and program language.
NON-NEGOTIABLE CONSTRAINTS
Images are placeholders only. Do not download, hotlink, generate, or embed the original photos. Reserve the exact space for every image using labeled placeholder blocks (aspect-ratio boxes with muted teal/charcoal fills, icon, and caption describing what photo belongs there). Leave a clear drop-in path (/public/images/...) so real assets can replace placeholders later.
Logo is also a placeholder: a square/rect slot for the butterfly “Be Inspired NJ” mark (teal / violet / rose wings). Show wordmark text beside it until the real file is added.
No GoDaddy branding, no Airo badge, no third-party chat widget, no fake payment processor, no recaptcha.
Forms must work in the UI: client-side validation, success/error states, required fields. Submit can be a local success toast / confirmation screen (no backend required). Structure the code so a real endpoint can be wired later.
Donation page: visual giving experience with suggested amounts. Do not process real payments. Primary CTA can open /contact?topic=donate or show “Donation processing coming soon — email info@beinspirednj.com”.
Fully responsive: 375 / 768 / 1024 / 1280+. Sticky header. Mobile hamburger. Keyboard-accessible menus, FAQ accordion, and forms.
Semantic HTML, skip-to-content, visible focus rings, color contrast AA, alt on every image slot, form labels associated with inputs.
TypeScript strict. No any. Shared components. No duplicated header/footer markup.
App must run locally with one command after install. All routes linked and working. No dead buttons.
Keep the design professional, beautiful, and unique — editorial nonprofit, not generic Bootstrap, not overly “feminine clipart,” not dark-mode-only startup.
TECH STACK (use this)
Next.js (App Router) + TypeScript + Tailwind CSS
next/font for Playfair Display (headings) and Source Sans 3 or Open Sans (body)
Optional script accent for the hero wordmark overlay: Great Vibes or Allura (use sparingly)
App Router file-based routes listed below
Shared components/ for Header, Footer, Button, Section, PlaceholderImage, ProgramCard, ArticleCard, FAQ, forms
Content in lib/content.ts (typed objects) so pages stay thin
No CMS. No extra libraries unless truly needed (avoid animation libraries; CSS is enough)
DESIGN SYSTEM
Brand
Be Inspired NJ is a women’s empowerment nonprofit in New Jersey. Visual feeling: sunlit, confident, community-centered, elevated. Photography of diverse women leading, learning, and gathering. Teal as the signature color. Serif headlines. Generous whitespace. Dark cinematic bands mixed with clean white editorial sections.
Color tokens (Tailwind theme)
--color-teal:        #0E7A78
--color-teal-bright: #14908D
--color-teal-deep:   #0A5C5A
--color-ink:         #1B1B1B
--color-ink-soft:    #3A3A3A
--color-muted:       #5E5E5E
--color-paper:       #FFFFFF
--color-sand:        #F6F3EE
--color-charcoal:    #141414
--color-footer:      #111111
Use teal for links, active nav underline, primary buttons, section bands, and heading accents. Charcoal/black full-bleed bands for inner-page heroes and photography grids. White/sand for reading sections. Do not use loud pink as a primary brand color; rose/violet may appear only as a subtle nod to the butterfly logo.
Type
H1: Playfair Display, 400/500, ~2.5–3.5rem, teal on light, teal or white on dark
H2/H3: Playfair Display
Body: sans, 16–18px, line-height 1.7, ink/muted
Eyebrows / labels: sans uppercase tracking-wide, small
Hero overlay title: script “Be Inspired NJ” over the hero placeholder, then a caps sans tagline
UI patterns from the live site (elevate, don’t cheapen)
Header: white, logo left, desktop nav centered-right. Teal links. Current page has a thin teal underline. Optional “Donate” can be a filled teal pill on desktop.
Hero (home): large 16:9 (or ~1280×852) photo placeholder. Overlay centered:
Script: Be Inspired NJ
Caps: EMPOWERING WOMEN. STRENGTHENING COMMUNITIES. CREATING POSSIBILITIES.
CTA band: full-width teal bar with two white rounded-full buttons: Explore Our Programs → /programs, Get Involved → /get-involved
Who We Are: circular portrait placeholder (1:1) left, copy right
Featured Programs: teal intro band, then charcoal section with a staggered 2-column grid:
Row 1: image left / title+Learn More right (Mentorship)
Row 2: title+Learn More left / image right (Leadership)
Row 3: image left / title+Learn More right (Financial Wellness)
Row 4: title+Learn More left / image right (Entrepreneurship)
Landscape image slots ~2:1. Teal “Learn More” pills.
Inner page heroes: charcoal full-bleed, Playfair teal title often flanked by thin horizontal rules, then a large photo placeholder
About photo mosaic: 2×3 (or 3×2) photography grid on charcoal above “Where Purpose Meets Possibility”
Footer: dark 3-column: org blurb + contact + socials; then compact sitemap row; copyright Copyright ©️ 2026 Be Inspired NJ — All Rights Reserved.
Cookie banner: optional simple bottom-right card; teal “Accept”. Do not block the layout.
Buttons: rounded-full, teal fill + white text, or white fill on teal bands. Hover: slightly brighter teal / subtle lift. Never default blue links.
Layout
Max content width ~1120–1200px
Section vertical padding 72–96px desktop, 48–64px mobile
Consistent container component
SITE MAP (implement every route)
Primary nav (exact labels):
Home → /
About → /about
Programs → /programs
Events → /events
Inspiration & Resources → /inspiration-resources
Get Involved → /get-involved
Donate → /donate
Secondary / linked pages (in nav via CTAs, not necessarily top nav):
Contact → /contact
Our Leadership / Meet the Founder → /our-leadership
Board: Tatiana Lopez → /board/tatiana-lopez
Board: Andreau “Angie” Todd → /board/angie-todd
Articles:
/inspiration/ready-to-lead
/inspiration/your-next-chapter
/inspiration/financial-wellness
/inspiration/power-of-community
/inspiration/starting-a-business
/inspiration/protecting-your-peace
Redirects / aliases (optional but good): /get-involved-1 → /get-involved, /inspiration-%26-resources and /inspiration-&-resources → /inspiration-resources, /contact-us → /contact, /tatiana-bio → /board/tatiana-lopez, /angie-bio → /board/angie-todd, /ready-to-lead etc. → corresponding article routes.
404 page: branded, link home.
GLOBAL COMPONENTS
Header
Logo placeholder (~88×70) + visually hidden or adjacent “Be Inspired NJ”
Nav links as listed
Mobile: hamburger, full-screen or slide-down panel, focus trap, Escape to close
Sticky, subtle shadow on scroll
Footer (every page)
Column 1 — Be Inspired NJ
Empowering women through education, mentorship, leadership development, and community support.
Column 2 — Contact
New Jersey
info@beinspirednj.com (mailto)
Note in code comments: legal mail/EIN on file as Paterson, NJ (676 E 25th St) — do not invent a public street address in the UI unless you label it as mailing address. Public site currently shows “New Jersey” only. Keep “New Jersey”.
Column 3 — Connect With Us
Facebook (href # or aria-disabled placeholder)
Instagram (placeholder)
LinkedIn → https://www.linkedin.com/in/beinspirednj
Then a text sitemap of all primary pages.
No “Powered by GoDaddy”.
Button
Variants: primary, secondary (white), ghost. Always a real <Link> or <button>.
PlaceholderImage
Props: aspect (e.g. "16/9", "1/1", "2/1", "3/2"), label, alt, className, optional shape (rect | circle).
Render a non-broken visual: soft gradient (teal→charcoal), centered camera icon, 1–2 line caption of the intended photo. Must hold layout height.
Newsletter
Email input + “Sign up”. Copy:
Stay Connected
Get inspiring stories, program updates, upcoming events, volunteer opportunities, and ways to make a difference.
Success: “Thank you for subscribing.” Validate email.
PAGE-BY-PAGE SPEC
Use the copy below verbatim (after light typo fixes). Build every section in order.
1) HOME /
Hero
Placeholder IMAGE home/hero — 16:9, min-height ~70vh.
Intended photo: four diverse women outdoors in golden hour, laughing, arms around each other, one fist raised in joy.
Overlay:
Script: Be Inspired NJ
Tagline: EMPOWERING WOMEN. STRENGTHENING COMMUNITIES. CREATING POSSIBILITIES.
Intro (white, centered)
Every woman deserves access to opportunity.
Be Inspired NJ connects women with education, mentorship, leadership development, financial knowledge, and meaningful community relationships that help turn possibility into progress.
CTA band (teal)
Buttons: Explore Our Programs → /programs · Get Involved → /get-involved
Who We Are
Layout: circular IMAGE home/who-we-are 1:1 (~320–400px) — woman with natural hair, navy blazer, presenting to colleagues.
Right copy:
Who We Are
Inspiration can open the door. Opportunity creates lasting change.
Be Inspired NJ is a nonprofit organization dedicated to empowering women through education, mentorship, leadership development, financial wellness, and meaningful community connections.
We create spaces where women can learn, grow, build confidence, explore new possibilities, and take intentional steps toward the future they envision.
We believe inspiration becomes powerful when it is paired with opportunity.
Featured Programs
Teal band:
Featured Programs
Programs That Turn Inspiration Into Action
Our programs are designed to provide women with practical tools, meaningful relationships, and access to resources that support personal, professional, and financial growth.
Charcoal staggered grid (each “Learn More” → /programs#<id>):
ID
Title
Image slot
Intended photo
mentorship
Mentorship & Personal Development
home/program-mentorship 2:1
two professional women in conversation
leadership
Leadership Development
home/program-leadership 2:1
woman presenting at a whiteboard to a small team
financial
Financial Wellness
home/program-financial 2:1
coins with a rising red ladder (growth metaphor)
entrepreneurship
Entrepreneurship & Small Business
home/program-entrepreneurship 2:1
smiling woman business owner in a plant shop, arms crossed
“View All Programs” → /programs
Why It Matters
Teal or sand band.
Why It Matters
Creating Opportunities That Make a Lasting Difference
Our goal is not simply to inspire women for a moment. We want to create opportunities that make a lasting difference.
Through workshops, mentorship, education, partnerships, and community initiatives, Be Inspired NJ is working to reach women throughout New Jersey and build stronger pathways to personal and economic empowerment.
Upcoming Event (white, centered)
Upcoming Event
The Legacy Collective Conference
October 14–15, 2026
Tioga Downs Resort & Conference Center — Nichols, New York
Join leaders, professionals, entrepreneurs, and changemakers for two days of leadership development, meaningful conversations, networking, and connection.
Button: View Event & Register → /events#legacy-collective
Our Impact
Charcoal. IMAGE home/impact 3:2 left — chalkboard with a question mark (curiosity / possibility). Copy right:
Our Impact
Impact Begins With Opportunity
Every workshop, mentorship connection, partnership, and community event represents an opportunity for someone to learn something new, make an important connection, strengthen her confidence, or take another step toward a goal.
Button: Explore Our Impact → /about#impact-goals (About has the 2024–2027 stats)
Get Involved
White or sand.
Get Involved
Be Part of the Change
Change happens when communities come together.
Whether you volunteer your time, share your expertise, become a community partner, attend a program, or make a financial contribution, there is a place for you at Be Inspired NJ.
Together, we can create more opportunities for women to rise, lead, and thrive.
CTAs: Get Involved → /get-involved · Donate → /donate
Latest News
Latest News
Stay connected with the latest updates, community stories, events, and highlights from Be Inspired
Two article teasers (link to full articles):
Five Signs You May Be Ready to Lead → /inspiration/ready-to-lead
Your Next Chapter Does Not Require Perfection → /inspiration/your-next-chapter
Button: Explore More Inspiration & Resources → /inspiration-resources
Stay Connected
Newsletter form (as specified).
2) ABOUT /about
Charcoal hero mosaic: six IMAGE slots in a 3×2 grid (about/mosaic-1 … about/mosaic-6), each 4:3:
Woman speaking on stage from behind, spotlight
Woman with lanyard presenting in front of colorful slides
Two women in conversation in lounge chairs, audience
Woman with lanyard in front of giant “WELCOME!” wall
Two women collaborating at a table with a laptop
Woman in red blazer speaking on stage, smiling
Then:
Where Purpose Meets Possibility
Be Inspired NJ was founded in 2024 with a simple belief:
when women have access to the right support, resources, education, and opportunities, the impact extends far beyond one individual.
We created Be Inspired NJ to help women recognize their potential and provide meaningful opportunities to turn that potential into progress.
Our Story
Be Inspired NJ was founded on a simple belief: inspiration can open the door, but opportunity creates lasting change.
We are a New Jersey nonprofit organization committed to helping women build confidence, strengthen skills, expand their networks, and access resources that support personal, professional, and financial growth.
Through education, mentorship, leadership development, financial wellness, entrepreneurship programs, and community partnerships, we create opportunities for women to move from inspiration to action.
Our work is rooted in community. We believe that when women have access to knowledge, relationships, resources, and opportunities, the impact extends beyond the individual — strengthening families, workplaces, businesses, and communities.
Our Approach
We believe empowerment looks different for every woman.
For one woman, it may mean developing the confidence to pursue a leadership opportunity.
For another, it may mean understanding her finances, starting a business, finding a mentor, returning to school, or simply discovering what she wants her next chapter to look like.
Our role is not to define success for women.
Our role is to help create the opportunities, resources, knowledge, and connections that allow women to define it for themselves.
What We Believe
We believe in possibility over limitation.
We believe education creates opportunity.
We believe financial knowledge creates choices.
We believe leadership can happen at every level.
We believe community makes us stronger.
And most importantly, we believe every woman deserves the opportunity to build a future she is proud of.
Mission & Vision
Two cards.
Mission
Be Inspired NJ empowers women by connecting them with education, mentorship, leadership development, financial knowledge, and community resources that create pathways to personal, professional, and economic growth.
Vision
We envision communities where every woman has access to the knowledge, relationships, resources, and opportunities she needs to confidently pursue her goals, strengthen her future, and create meaningful impact.
Impact goals (id=impact-goals)
Eyebrow: Present 2024–2027 impact goals
Three stat cards:
150+ Women Empowered
10+ Community Partnerships
$150K Funding Goal
Footnote: First Annual Impact Report.
Our Core Values
Six cards with short icon or numeral:
Empowerment — We encourage women to recognize their strengths, build confidence, and take meaningful steps toward their goals.
Growth — We believe in continuous learning, personal development, and creating opportunities to move forward.
Community — We create supportive spaces where women can connect, learn, and grow together.
Leadership — We inspire women to lead with confidence, purpose, and integrity.
Inclusion — We welcome diverse experiences, perspectives, and backgrounds and strive to create an environment where everyone feels respected and valued.
Integrity — We are committed to serving our community with honesty, respect, responsibility, and transparency.
Our Leadership
Portrait placeholder about/founder 3:4 or 1:1.
Dr. LaToya Pryce — Founder
Be Inspired NJ is guided by leadership committed to creating opportunities for women, strengthening communities, and turning inspiration into meaningful action.
Button: Meet the Founder → /our-leadership
Board of Directors
Be Inspired NJ's Board of Directors helps guide the organization's mission, growth, accountability, and long-term community impact.
Two member cards with portrait placeholders about/tatiana and about/angie (1:1):
Tatiana — Board Member — Learn More → /board/tatiana-lopez
Andreau — Board Member — Read More → /board/angie-todd
What Makes Us Different
We believe women do not simply need encouragement.
They need access. Access to knowledge. Access to mentors. Access to networks. Access to financial education. Access to leadership opportunities and sometimes, access to someone who believes in what is possible for them.
Be Inspired NJ works to create those connections.
3) PROGRAMS /programs
Charcoal hero:
Our Programs
IMAGE programs/hero 16:9 — woman presenting to a diverse seated group, viewed from behind.
Programs That Turn Inspiration Into Action
Our programs are designed to meet women where they are while providing tools, education, relationships, and opportunities that help them move forward.
Build four stacked program sections with id anchors, each with a landscape IMAGE (2:1) and a “View Program Details” that scrolls to that section or expands it.
#mentorship Mentorship & Personal Development
IMAGE programs/mentorship
Meaningful relationships can change the direction of someone's life.
Supportive experiences designed to help women strengthen confidence, clarify goals, navigate challenges, and create meaningful plans for personal and professional growth.
Program Focus:
Confidence building
Goal setting
Personal development
Decision-making skills
Mentorship and supportive relationships
Personal and professional growth
#leadership Leadership Development
IMAGE programs/leadership
Leadership is not limited to a job title.
Programs and experiences that help women recognize their leadership potential, strengthen communication and decision-making skills, expand professional networks, and confidently pursue opportunities to lead.
Program Focus:
Leadership skills
Communication
Confidence
Professional development
Networking
Preparing for leadership opportunities
#financial Financial Wellness
IMAGE programs/financial
Financial knowledge creates choices.
Practical financial education designed to increase knowledge and confidence around budgeting, saving, credit, borrowing, financial planning, and everyday decisions that influence long-term financial well-being.
Program Focus:
Budgeting
Saving
Understanding credit
Managing debt
Homeownership education
Financial planning
Building financial confidence
#entrepreneurship Entrepreneurship & Small Business
IMAGE programs/entrepreneurship
Great ideas deserve the opportunity to grow.
Education, mentorship, resources, and connections for women interested in starting, growing, or strengthening a business.
Program Focus:
Entrepreneurship education
Small-business development
Mentorship
Business resources
Networking
Community connections
Interested in Participating?
Whether you are looking for support, interested in attending a program, or want to bring one of our programs to your organization, sponsor, or partner on a program, we would love to connect.
Buttons: Get Involved · Partner With Us → /get-involved#partner · Contact Us → /contact
Photos
A simple gallery row of 3–4 IMAGE placeholders programs/gallery-1..n (4:3) — program/workshop photography.
Voices From Our Community
Placeholder testimonial cards (3): name/role “Coming soon” + quote slot. Copy:
Real participant experiences and testimonials will be shared here as Be Inspired NJ continues to grow.
Program inquiry form
Interested in the Program?
Drop us a line!
Fields:
Name *
Email *
Phone Number *
Message
Checkbox: Sign me up for program updates, events, and opportunities.
Submit: Send Message
Success copy: We'd love to hear from you — thank you. A member of our team will follow up.
Sidebar:
We'd love to hear from you
Want to learn more about a Be Inspired NJ program or upcoming opportunity?
Contact Be Inspired NJ
Email: info@beinspirednj.com
4) EVENTS /events
Charcoal hero:
Connect. Learn. Lead. Be Inspired.
Be Inspired NJ creates and supports opportunities that bring people together to learn, connect, build meaningful relationships, and create lasting impact.
Explore upcoming events, leadership experiences, workshops, and community opportunities.
Wide banner IMAGE events/hero 5:1 or 21:9 — women smiling, clapping, community energy.
Upcoming Event #legacy-collective
IMAGE events/legacy-collective 16:9 — conference / leadership gathering.
The Legacy Collective Conference
Leadership That Leaves a Legacy
October 14–15, 2026
Tioga Downs Resort & Conference Center
Nichols, New York
The Legacy Collective Conference brings together leaders, professionals, entrepreneurs, innovators, and changemakers for meaningful conversations, leadership development, networking, and connection.
Built around the belief that true leadership is measured by impact, the conference provides attendees with opportunities to learn from accomplished leaders, develop new relationships, gain practical leadership insights, and leave inspired to create meaningful change in their organizations and communities.
Two Days. One Powerful Experience
Schedule (accordion on mobile; timeline on desktop). Fix the live site’s “8:50 pm” breakfast end time to 8:50 am.
October 14, 2026
VIP Reception & Networking Experience — 6:00 pm – 8:00 pm — Tioga Downs Resort & Conference Center
Connect with speakers, sponsors, and fellow attendees during an evening focused on conversation, networking, and relationship-building.
October 15, 2026 — The Legacy Collective Conference — 8:00 am – 4:00 pm — Tioga Downs Resort & Conference Center
A full day of leadership, learning, networking, and meaningful conversations designed to inspire lasting impact.
Networking Breakfast — 8:00 am – 8:50 am — The Collective Lounge
Opening Remarks & Welcome — 9:00 am – 9:15 am — Main Ballroom
Conference hosts Amira Davis and Dr. LaToya Pryce welcome attendees and set the stage for a day of leadership, connection, and impact.
Morning Keynote Address — 9:15 am – 10:00 am — Main Ballroom
Hear from distinguished leaders as they share insights on leadership, innovation, and creating meaningful impact.
(If later agenda items are unknown, show a tasteful “Full agenda to be announced” rather than inventing speakers.)
Registration options
Card grid:
Ticket
Price
Includes
Legacy Lunch Rate
$80
Full conference access, breakfast, and lunch. Available through September 15, 2026.
VIP Conference Experience
$150
October 14 networking reception, full conference access, breakfast, and lunch.
General Admission
$100
Full conference access, breakfast, and lunch.
Student
$50
Full conference access, breakfast, and lunch.
Community Access
$75
Limited discounted tickets with full conference access, breakfast, and lunch.
Exhibitor/Vendor
$225
Exhibitor/vendor participation plus full conference access.
Each card: “Reserve Your Seat” → /contact?topic=event&event=legacy-collective
Register for an Upcoming Event
Ready to join us? Explore upcoming Be Inspired NJ events and reserve your place.
Repeat the conference summary + “Register for Upcoming Event” → contact with topic=event.
Event Recaps
Event Photos & Recap
Following the conference, Be Inspired NJ will share highlights, photos, and reflections from the Legacy Collective Conference.
Check back after October 15 for updates.
Gallery placeholders events/recap-1..3 labeled “Photos coming after October 15, 2026”.
Past Events & Community Impact
Empty professional table/state: “Coming soon”
Columns: Event | Date | Location | Brief description | Image
IMAGE column uses small 16:9 placeholders when data exists.
Event Photos
Additional IMAGE row events/gallery-*
5) INSPIRATION & RESOURCES /inspiration-resources
Charcoal hero + wide IMAGE inspiration/hero 5:1
Ideas, Resources & Stories to Help You Move Forward
Growth often begins with the right information, encouragement, connection, or opportunity.
Explore practical resources from Be Inspired NJ designed to support leadership, personal growth, financial wellness, entrepreneurship, and stronger communities.
Learn. Grow. Be Inspired.
Welcome to Inspiration & Resources—a space created to share ideas, encouragement, practical information, and resources that can help women move forward personally, professionally, financially, and within their communities.
Explore leadership insights, personal development, financial wellness, entrepreneurship, community stories, and inspiration designed to help you take your next step.
Article cards (each with IMAGE 16:9 + “View Full Article”)
Five Signs You May Be Ready to Lead → /inspiration/ready-to-lead
Leadership does not always begin with a title. You may already be demonstrating leadership through the way others trust you, your willingness to speak up, your desire to help others succeed, and your commitment to learning and growth.
 Discover five signs that may show you are ready to take your next step as a leader.
Your Next Chapter Does Not Require Perfection → /inspiration/your-next-chapter
Waiting until everything feels perfect can keep us from moving forward.
 Whether you are thinking about starting a business, applying for a leadership position, returning to school, improving your finances, or making yourself a priority again, progress can begin with one small step.
 Discover why your next chapter does not require perfection—it simply requires a beginning.
Financial Wellness Is About More Than Money → /inspiration/financial-wellness
Financial wellness includes budgets, credit, savings, and debt—but it is also about having the knowledge and confidence to make informed financial choices.
 Small, intentional decisions today can help create a stronger financial future tomorrow.
 Learn how becoming more intentional about your finances can help you move toward your goals.
The Power of Community → /inspiration/power-of-community
Some things can be accomplished alone. Other possibilities appear when people come together.
 Strong communities can connect us with mentors, resources, friendships, business relationships, encouragement, and opportunities we may not have discovered on our own.
 Learn why meaningful relationships and community connections are at the heart of creating lasting change.
Thinking About Starting a Business? Start With These Five Questions → /inspiration/starting-a-business
A great business idea needs more than excitement—it needs a strong foundation.
 Before creating a logo or announcing your launch, consider important questions about the problem you are solving, your customers, your costs, how people will find you, and your willingness to learn along the way.
 Explore five questions that can help you turn an idea into a more thoughtful business plan.
Protecting Your Peace While Pursuing Success → /inspiration/protecting-your-peace
Ambition can be exciting, but it can also become exhausting.
 Protecting your time, energy, and emotional capacity does not mean giving up on your goals. It means recognizing that success should not require constantly sacrificing your peace.
 Explore how boundaries, intentional choices, and making room for yourself can help you pursue success without losing yourself in the process.
Event Recaps
Highlights, lessons, photos, and memorable moments from Be Inspired NJ programs and community events.
Button: View Event Recaps → /events#recaps
Volunteer Spotlights
Meet the people who give their time, talents, and energy to support our mission and strengthen our community.
Three cards: circular IMAGE + Name / Position placeholders (“Coming soon”).
Partner Highlights
Celebrate the organizations, businesses, and community leaders working with Be Inspired NJ to expand opportunities for women.
Logo-row placeholders (3–6 gray boxes).
Stay Inspired. Stay Connected.
Receive new resources, community stories, program updates, upcoming events, and opportunities to get involved with Be Inspired NJ.
Newsletter CTA → #subscribe newsletter.
6) ARTICLE TEMPLATE (all 6 articles)
Shared layout: charcoal thin hero, title, optional 16:9 IMAGE, readable ~680–720px measure, back link to /inspiration-resources, optional “Related” 3 cards.
/inspiration/ready-to-lead
Five Signs You May Be Ready to Lead
IMAGE articles/ready-to-lead
People naturally come to you. Whether they need advice, support, or help solving a problem, others trust your perspective.
You see opportunities for improvement. Leaders do more than identify problems. They begin thinking about how things could be better.
You are willing to speak up. Leadership requires courage—the willingness to share an idea, ask a difficult question, or advocate for someone else.
You want others to succeed. Great leadership is not about being the smartest person in the room. It is about helping other people grow.
You are ready to keep learning. You do not need to know everything before becoming a leader. In fact, some of the strongest leaders remain curious throughout their careers.
If you recognize yourself in these signs, your next step may be closer than you think.
Look for opportunities to:
Lead a project
Find a mentor
Volunteer
Join a community organization
Attend a leadership program
Have a conversation about your career goals
Most importantly, stop waiting for someone else to declare you a leader.
Leadership begins when you recognize your ability to positively influence what happens next.
CTA: Explore leadership programs → /programs#leadership
/inspiration/your-next-chapter
Your Next Chapter Does Not Require Perfection
IMAGE articles/next-chapter
There is a common belief that we need to have everything figured out before taking the next step.
The perfect plan. The right timing. Enough money. More confidence. One more credential.
But growth rarely happens that way.
Sometimes moving forward means taking one small step while you are still uncertain about what comes next.
Maybe you have been thinking about:
Starting a business
Applying for a leadership position
Returning to school
Improving your finances
Making yourself a priority again
Whatever your goal may be, waiting until you feel completely ready can keep you standing still.
That could mean:
Making the phone call
Attending the workshop
Creating the budget
Asking someone to mentor you
Updating your résumé
Researching your idea
Finally saying yes to an opportunity that stretches you
At Be Inspired NJ, we believe empowerment is not about having all the answers.
It is about having access to resources, encouragement, education, and a community that reminds you of what is possible.
Your next chapter does not require perfection.
It requires a beginning.
Ask yourself: What is one thing I can do this week that moves me closer to the life I want to create?
Start there. One decision can create momentum—and momentum can change everything.
/inspiration/financial-wellness
Financial Wellness Is About More Than Money
IMAGE articles/financial
When we hear the words financial wellness, we often think about budgets, credit scores, savings accounts, and debt.
Those things matter—but financial wellness is also about choices.
It is having enough understanding and confidence to make informed decisions about your money.
It is knowing what questions to ask before signing a loan agreement.
It is understanding your credit report.
It is preparing for an emergency instead of hoping one never happens.
Most importantly, it is recognizing that where you are financially today does not have to determine where you will be tomorrow.
Financial Wellness Starts With Small, Intentional Decisions
Consider taking one of these steps:
Review your spending
Set a realistic savings goal
Learn how credit works
Ask questions about retirement
Create a plan for reducing debt
Begin saving a small amount consistently
Even saving a small amount consistently can help build a habit that grows over time.
Financial education should never make people feel embarrassed about what they do not know.
At Be Inspired NJ, we believe education should make people feel empowered to ask questions, access resources, and make decisions that support their goals.
You do not need to become a financial expert overnight.
You simply need to become more intentional about your financial future.
Ask yourself: What is one financial decision you could make today that your future self would thank you for?
Then take the first step.
CTA → /programs#financial
/inspiration/power-of-community
The Power of Community
IMAGE articles/community
There are things we can accomplish alone.
And then there are things that become possible only when people come together.
A strong community can introduce you to opportunities you did not know existed.
It can connect you with:
Mentors
Resources
Friendships
Business relationships
People who believe in your potential
Sometimes those people believe in your potential even while you are still discovering it yourself.
Community Is More Than Being Surrounded by People
Community is about creating spaces where people feel:
Seen
Supported
Valued
Connected
That is especially important when someone is navigating a new chapter.
A young person may need someone to show them what is possible.
An aspiring entrepreneur may need guidance from someone who has already started a business.
A professional may need encouragement to pursue leadership.
A family may need access to financial education or community resources.
Sometimes one conversation or introduction can completely change someone's direction.
That is why community is at the heart of Be Inspired NJ.
We believe lasting impact happens when we:
Share knowledge
Create opportunities
Build meaningful relationships
Reach back to help someone else move forward
You do not have to wait until you have achieved everything you want to achieve before making a difference.
You can start now.
Share what you know. Mentor someone. Support a local business. Volunteer. Make an introduction. Invite someone into a room they might not otherwise enter.
When we create opportunities for one another, individual progress becomes community progress.
And that is how lasting change begins.
CTA → /get-involved
/inspiration/starting-a-business
Thinking About Starting a Business?
IMAGE articles/business
You have an idea.
Maybe it has been sitting in your notebook for months.
Maybe friends and family keep telling you: “You should turn this into a business.”
Before creating the logo and announcing your launch, take some time to build the foundation.
Start with five important questions.
1. What problem am I solving?
Successful businesses usually meet a need. Be clear about why someone would choose your product or service.
2. Who is my customer?
“Everyone” is rarely the answer. Identify who is most likely to need—and pay for—what you offer.
3. What will it actually cost?
Consider expenses such as:
Registration
Insurance
Supplies
Marketing
Technology
Inventory
Professional services
Other business expenses
Understanding your costs is an important part of creating a sustainable business.
4. How will people find me?
A great idea still needs visibility. Think about:
Social media
Networking
Referrals
Community partnerships
Other ways to reach potential customers
5. Am I prepared to learn as I go?
Entrepreneurship requires flexibility. Your first idea may change. Your pricing may evolve. Your customers may teach you something unexpected.
Starting a business can be exciting, but excitement should be paired with preparation.
You do not need to know everything before you begin.
You do need to ask questions, seek resources, understand your numbers, and create a plan.
Dream big—but build wisely.
The strongest businesses are not simply launched. They are intentionally built.
CTA → /programs#entrepreneurship
/inspiration/protecting-your-peace
Protecting Your Peace While Pursuing Success
IMAGE articles/peace
Ambition can be exciting. It can also be exhausting.
We live in a culture that celebrates being busy. There is always:
Another goal to reach
Another meeting to attend
Another email to answer
Another opportunity to pursue
Another person who needs something from us
But success should not require constantly sacrificing your peace.
Protecting Your Peace Does Not Mean You Lack Ambition
It means recognizing that your time, energy, and emotional capacity are valuable resources.
Start by paying attention to what consistently drains you.
Ask yourself:
Am I saying yes because I genuinely want to, or because I feel guilty saying no?
Am I making room for rest, relationships, and the things that bring me joy?
Am I pursuing opportunities that align with my goals or simply accepting everything that comes my way?
Sometimes growth requires adding something new. Other times, growth requires letting something go.
That might mean:
Setting a boundary
Having a difficult conversation
Declining an invitation
Spending an hour without your phone
Taking a weekend without work
These may seem like small decisions, but collectively they protect something incredibly important: you.
Your goals matter. Your career matters. Your business matters. Your family and community matter. But you matter too.
Give yourself permission to pursue success without losing yourself in the process.
The goal is not simply to build a successful life.
It is to build a life you actually have the energy and peace to enjoy.
7) GET INVOLVED /get-involved
Charcoal hero:
Be Part of Something Meaningful
IMAGE involved/hero 16:9 — two women in “VOLUNTEER” t-shirts outdoors, smiling, one handing a water bottle.
Creating stronger communities takes all of us.
There are many ways to support the mission of Be Inspired NJ—whether you have time to give, expertise to share, resources to contribute, or simply want to help us open more doors for women.
Four pathway cards with icons + CTAs:
Volunteer — Share your time, expertise, or talents → #volunteer
Partner — Collaborate with us to expand community impact → #partner
Donate — Help create more opportunities for women → /donate
Attend — Participate in workshops, programs, and community events → /events
#volunteer Volunteer
Volunteer
Your Time and Talents Can Make an Impact
Volunteers play an important role in helping Be Inspired NJ serve women and strengthen our communities.
Volunteers may support:
Community events
Workshops and programs
Mentorship initiatives
Event registration and guest assistance
Outreach and community engagement
Administrative and project support
Whether you can volunteer once or become regularly involved, we welcome individuals who believe in our mission.
Why Volunteer?
Volunteering with Be Inspired NJ is an opportunity to give back, connect with your community, develop new skills, and help create meaningful opportunities for women to grow, lead, and thrive.
Button: Become a Volunteer → #volunteer-form
Share Your Expertise
Your Knowledge Can Help Someone Move Forward
Are you a professional, entrepreneur, educator, financial expert, community leader, or subject matter expert?
Consider sharing your knowledge through:
Workshops
Panel discussions
Mentorship opportunities
Educational programs
Button: Share Your Expertise → /contact?topic=expertise
#partner Partner With Us
Community partnership allows us to reach more women and create greater impact.
We welcome partnership with:
Corporations and local businesses
Financial institutions
Colleges and universities
Schools
Nonprofit organizations
Community organizations
Government and public agencies
Partnership opportunities may include program collaboration, sponsorship, financial education, volunteerism, community events, mentorship, and resource sharing.
Button: Contact to Partner With Us → /contact?topic=partner
Volunteer Expectations
Support the mission and values of Be Inspired NJ
Treat participants, staff, and other volunteers with respect
Communicate clearly and professionally
Be dependable and arrive on time for scheduled activities
Protect confidential or sensitive information
Follow program, event, and safety guidelines
#volunteer-form Volunteer Interest Form
Fields (* required):
Full Name *
Email *
Phone Number *
Areas of Interest * (select multiple or textarea: Events, Workshops, Mentorship, Registration, Outreach, Admin)
Availability *
Why would you like to volunteer with Be Inspired NJ *
Additional Comments
Optional file attach (UI only)
Checkbox: Sign me up for Be Inspired NJ updates, events, programs, and volunteer opportunities.
Submit: Submit Volunteer Interest Form
Thank You / What Happens Next (show after submit AND as static explainer)
Submit your interest form — Tell us about your interests and availability.
We’ll review your information — After you submit your form, a member of our team will review your information.
Connect with our team — We’ll contact you about opportunities that match your interest and availability.
We’re excited that you’re interested in volunteering with Be Inspired NJ. Have a question? Contact Be Inspired NJ at: info@beinspirednj.com
FAQ (accordion)
Frequently Asked Questions
Do I need previous volunteer experience?
No. Previous volunteer experience is not required for every opportunity. Requirements will vary depending on the volunteer role.
How much time do I need to commit?
Volunteer opportunities may range from one-time events to ongoing program support. Details will be provided for each opportunity.
Can I volunteer for events only?
Yes. Event-based opportunities may be available for individuals who cannot make an ongoing commitment.
Will I receive training?
Yes. Orientation or instructions will be provided when necessary for specific volunteer roles.
Who can I contact with questions?
Contact Be Inspired NJ for questions about volunteer opportunities, the application process, or ways to get involved.
Can’t find the answer you’re looking for? Contact us and we’ll be happy to help. info@beinspirednj.com
8) DONATE /donate
Charcoal hero:
IMAGE donate/hero 16:9 — open hands holding a red heart (care / giving).
Help Turn Inspiration Into Opportunity
Support Our Mission
Your support helps Be Inspired NJ create educational programs, mentorship opportunities, leadership experiences, financial wellness initiatives, entrepreneurship resources, and community connections for women throughout New Jersey.
Every contribution helps us expand access to the knowledge, relationships, and opportunities women need to build stronger futures.
Why Your Support Matters
Your Support Creates Possibilities
A single opportunity can change someone's direction
A mentor can build confidence
A financial workshop can change how a woman manages her future
A leadership experience can encourage someone to pursue an opportunity she once believed was beyond her reach
A business workshop can help turn an idea into an income-producing venture
Your support helps make those opportunities possible.
Where Your Support Goes
Donations to Be Inspired NJ go toward:
Educational workshops and programs
Leadership development
Financial wellness initiatives
Mentorship opportunities
Entrepreneurship and small-business education
Community events and outreach
Program materials and participant resources
Every Gift Matters
Five giving cards (each with Donate CTA):
Title
Amount
Description
Provide Resources
$25
Help provide educational materials and resources for program participants.
Support Participation
$50
Helps offset program costs and participant experiences.
Strengthen a Program
$100
Supports educational, mentorship, leadership, or financial wellness programming.
Expand Opportunity
$250
Helps expand workshops and provide additional resources.
Invest in Community Impact
$500
Helps expand programming, partnerships, and community reach.
Also: custom amount input (display only) + “Donate Today”.
Help Us Inspire What's Possible
When you give to Be Inspired NJ, you are doing more than supporting a program.
You are investing in someone's possibility.
Together, we can help more women access the knowledge, relationships, resources, and opportunities they need to build stronger futures.
Note in the UI: Be Inspired NJ is a nonprofit. For donation processing, contact info@beinspirednj.com. (Do not invent tax language beyond what’s on the source site.)
9) CONTACT /contact
Contact Us
We Would Love to Hear from You!
Whether you are interested in our programs, volunteering, partnering with us, attending an event, or supporting our mission, we are here to connect and help.
Two-column: form + details.
Let's Connect
Your Name *
Your Email *
Phone Number *
How Can We Help? * (select: Programs, Volunteer, Share Expertise, Partnership, Event Registration, Donate, Other)
Message
Optional attach
Checkbox: Sign me up for Be Inspired NJ updates, programs, events, stories, and opportunities to get involved.
Submit: Send
Honor query params ?topic= and ?event= to preselect the dropdown.
Have a question or want to learn more about Be Inspired NJ? Send us a message and a member of our team will get back to you.
Contact us here — email us at: info@beinspirednj.com
Be Inspired NJ
Email: info@beinspirednj.com
We appreciate your message and will respond as soon as possible.
Success state: confirmation message.
10) OUR LEADERSHIP /our-leadership
Meet the Founder
Large portrait IMAGE leadership/latoya 3:4
Dr. LaToya Pryce
Founder & President, Be Inspired NJ
Dr. LaToya Pryce is a leader, educator, speaker, and community advocate committed to creating opportunities that help women grow personally, professionally, and financially.
Her work throughout her career has centered on a simple principle: people thrive when they are given the opportunity, resources, support, and space to do so.
That belief became the foundation for Be Inspired NJ.
LaToya recognized that many women have tremendous potential but may not always have access to the networks, mentors, financial knowledge, professional development, or community resources that can help move an idea or aspiration forward.
She created Be Inspired NJ to help bridge that gap.
Through mentorship, leadership development, financial wellness, entrepreneurship education, and community partnerships, her vision is to create an organization where women can access practical resources while also becoming part of a community that encourages them to think bigger about what is possible.
LaToya brings extensive experience in organizational leadership, employee and community engagement, program development, financial services, and leadership development. She holds a doctorate in leadership and has dedicated much of her professional and community work to helping individuals and organizations create environments where people can succeed.
For her, Be Inspired NJ is about more than inspiration.
It is about turning possibility into opportunity—and opportunity into impact.
A Message From Our Founder
Pull-quote card:
I believe there are moments when all someone needs is access—to the right information, the right person, the right opportunity, or simply a space where someone believes in what they can become.
Be Inspired NJ was created to help build those spaces.
My hope is that every woman who connects with our organization walks away with something she can use: knowledge, confidence, a relationship, a resource, an opportunity, or even the courage to take her next step.
And as we grow, I hope the women we serve will reach back and create opportunities for someone else.
That is how inspiration becomes impact.
— Dr. LaToya Pryce
Our Leadership Philosophy
We believe leadership is not defined by a title.
Leadership is the willingness to use your experiences, knowledge, influence, and voice to create opportunities for others.
Our organization is guided by four principles (4 cards):
Lead with Purpose — Make decisions that remain connected to our mission and the communities we serve.
Create Access — Help connect women with information, resources, relationships, and opportunities.
Build Community — Create spaces where people feel welcomed, supported, respected, and valued.
Multiply Impact — Encourage those we serve to share what they learn, mentor others, and create opportunities within their own communities.
Board of Directors
Three additional “coming soon” board slots (portrait placeholders) plus the two known members as real cards linking to bios.
Help Us Build What's Possible
Our work grows stronger through community.
Whether you want to participate in a program, volunteer your talents, become a community partner, or invest in our mission, we invite you to be part of what we're building.
Buttons: Get Involved · Partner With Us · Support Our Mission (/donate)
(Original also had “Book Now” — map it to /contact?topic=programs labeled Connect With Us or Book a Conversation, not a random calendar.)
11) BOARD BIOS
/board/tatiana-lopez
Portrait IMAGE board/tatiana 3:4
Board Member, Be Inspired NJ
Tatiana Lopez
Tatiana Lopez is a New Jersey native, financial services professional, and dedicated community advocate with a passion for creating meaningful connections and positive social change.
With more than a decade of experience in the financial services industry, Tatiana currently serves as a Regional Marketing Coordinator for a credit union, where she supports initiatives that strengthen community relationships, increase engagement, and expand access to financial resources.
Tatiana’s commitment to service extends well beyond her professional career. She has contributed more than 500 volunteer hours annually and serves on various boards and community organizations focused on advancing social change, strengthening communities, and creating opportunities for others.
As a Board Member of Be Inspired NJ, Tatiana brings together her experience in financial services, marketing, community engagement, and volunteer leadership to further the organization’s mission of empowering individuals and creating lasting community impact.
Back to About / Leadership.
/board/angie-todd
Portrait IMAGE board/angie 3:4
Board Member, Be Inspired NJ
Andreau “Angie” Todd
Andreau “Angie” Todd is a passionate community advocate whose commitment to service is rooted in creating opportunities, strengthening communities, and helping others thrive.
A proud Florida native, Angie has been actively involved in community impact efforts focused on social justice, equity, and supporting individuals and families in need. Her hands-on approach to service includes organizing food, toy, and back-to-school drives that provide essential resources and support to local communities.
Angie also serves on the board of K.I.M. (Keeping It Motivated), an organization dedicated to improving the physical and mental well-being of individuals within the community. Her commitment to service continues through several projects focused on supporting youth in foster care as they prepare to transition into adulthood, with an emphasis on providing the resources, guidance, and encouragement needed to navigate life independently.
As a Board Member of Be Inspired NJ, Angie brings a deep commitment to advocacy, community service, and empowering others. She believes meaningful change begins with showing up, creating opportunities, and ensuring that those who are often overlooked have the support they need to move forward.
IMAGE SLOT INVENTORY (implement ALL as PlaceholderImage)
Keep this list in lib/images.ts with id, aspect, page, and intended subject.
Home: hero 16:9; who-we-are 1:1 circle; program-mentorship 2:1; program-leadership 2:1; program-financial 2:1; program-entrepreneurship 2:1; impact 3:2
About: mosaic-1..6 4:3; founder 3:4; tatiana 1:1; angie 1:1
Programs: hero 16:9; four program 2:1; gallery 4:3 ×4
Events: hero 21:9; conference 16:9; recap ×3; gallery ×3
Inspiration index: hero 21:9; six article cards 16:9; three volunteer portraits 1:1; partner logos
Articles: one 16:9 each
Get involved: hero 16:9
Donate: hero 16:9
Leadership: founder 3:4; three coming-soon 1:1
Bios: two 3:4
Logo: header + footer 176×138-ish
Every placeholder must hold space (never collapse).
IMPLEMENTATION ORDER
Scaffold Next.js + Tailwind + fonts + tokens
Header, Footer, Button, PlaceholderImage, layout
Content module (lib/content.ts) with nav, programs, event, articles, FAQs
Home (complete)
About + leadership + bios
Programs + contact form component
Events
Inspiration index + 6 articles
Get Involved + FAQ + volunteer form
Donate
Contact + 404
Redirects, metadata (title/description per page), sitemap.ts, robots.ts
Responsive polish, focus states, form validation, empty states
README with npm install / npm run dev
SEO / METADATA
Title pattern: {Page} | Be Inspired NJ (Home: Be Inspired NJ)
Default description: Empowering women through education, mentorship, leadership development, financial wellness, and community support in New Jersey.
OG placeholder image slot (do not fetch remote images).
ACCEPTANCE CRITERIA
npm run dev launches with no errors
Every nav item works; every CTA in this spec lands on a real route
All pages share header/footer
Image placeholders occupy the listed aspect ratios
Mobile nav works
Forms validate and show success
Design looks like a premium nonprofit brand: teal + serif + photography slots + dark/light rhythm
Copy from this prompt is present on the matching pages
No lorem ipsum except explicitly “Coming soon” regions
TypeScript builds (npm run build)
Start coding now. Create the project in this workspace. Do not stop at a homepage mock — finish every route.
